We’re also pleased to announce
the release of a new brochure
entitled
Answers to 10 Questions Young People Ask.
The content of this 32-page,
full-color brochure
is based on articles
in Awake! and the two volumes
of Questions Young People Ask
—Answers That Work, as well as
the “Young People Ask” articles
on the jw.org website.
This new brochure
will be particularly helpful
to those who speak a language
in which that material is not available.
However, all young people
can benefit from this new brochure
because the original articles
have been updated and rewritten.
Each section of the brochure
addresses one question.
After stating the question,
the section begins with a pointed statement
under the feature
“Why It Matters,”
letting the reader know
why that question is relevant.
Then, a “What Would You Do?”
scenario is presented,
putting the reader
in a hypothetical situation
related to the topic.
After discussing various principles,
Scriptural advice
directs the reader to the best answers
for that particular question.
The 10 Questions brochure
is interactive,
allowing the reader
to write responses
to the various questions presented.
The final topic,
“How Can the Bible Help Me?,”
is designed to invite readers
who are not Jehovah’s Witnesses
to accept a Bible study.
The brochure
makes numerous references
to the jw.org website
and directs readers to more information
that can be found there.
Also, the brochure
is designed in such a way
that young people can be comfortable
sharing it with their peers
and with others in the ministry.
This brochure
is already approved for translation
into 324 languages.
Of these languages,
223 do not produce Awake!
and 262 have not produced
the Young People Ask books.
So we expect that Answers
to 10 Questions Young People Ask
will help
many more youths benefit
from the Bible’s practical wisdom.
Following this program,
digital formats of the brochure
will become available
on the jw.org website,
the JW Library app,
and on Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY
as they are produced
in each language.
Additionally, printed copies
of the brochure can be requested
through your congregation
at the conclusion of this program.